[system test] [doc] bridge package (#10225)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: development-docs/systemtests/labels/configuration.md

# Configuration

### Label Description

> The `configuration` label encompasses all tests related to configuration management. This includes creating, updating, replacing, and dynamically updating configurations across components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `configuration` label encompasses all tests related to configuration management. This includes creating, updating, replacing, and dynamically updating configurations across all operands managed by Strimzi.
```
